---
layout: article
title: General Terms and Conditions
header: General Terms and Conditions
subheader: This agreement describes the general terms and conditions for the Nuvla.io Platform services.
summary: These General Terms and Conditions apply to all Users of the Platform.
class: general-terms
product: nuvla-io
cssclass: terms
icon: fad fa-gavel
banner-icon: fad fa-gavel
permalink: /terms/tos
applicable_from: 28/04/2020
last_update: 28/04/2020
redirect_from:
  - /terms/general-terms
  - /terms/tou
---

[History](https://github.com/SixSq/nuvla-io.github.com/commits/master/_terms/legal-general-terms-and-conditions.md)

**1\.	Subject**

SixSq makes available to the public a platform called Nuvla.io accessible via the URL [https://nuvla.io/ui](https://nuvla.io/ui) (the "Platform"), which is designed to bring together customers (the "Purchasers") and sellers (the "Vendors").
The purpose of these General Terms and Conditions of Use (the "ToS") is to define the terms and conditions of use of the Platform. 

These ToS are accessible at any time on the website [https://nuvla.io](https://nuvla.io) (the "Website") and shall prevail, as the case may be, over any other version or any other contradictory document, including terms agreed between Vendors and Purchasers.

**2\.	Definitions**

- **ToS** means these Terms and Conditions of Use;
- **Account** means the account that must be created in order to become a User and access certain services offered by the Platform;
- **User** refers to any person who has created an Account on the Platform;
- **Purchaser** refers to any User of the Platform who uses the Platform to deploy and manage applications offered by the Vendors;
- **Platform** has the meaning given to it in Article 1, above;
- **Vendor** means any person or organisation making Applications available on the Platform for the purpose of being deployed by Purchasers;
- **Website** means the website accessible at [https://nuvla.io](https://nuvla.io).
- **Payment Service** means the payment service integrated into the Platform.
- **Application** means a set of information enabling the Platform to deploy software on the User's IT infrastructure.
- **Coupon** means a numeric code, generated by SixSq and recognised by the Platform, allowing a User to have its invoice reduced by a certain amount or percentage.
- **Group** means a resource on the Platform that allows multiple Users to collaborate.
{: style="list-style: none;"}

**3\.	Independence of the parties**

SixSq acts only as a Platform operator and does not intervene in any way in the contractual relationship that may be formed between Purchasers and Vendors.

Each user of the Platform thus acts on his or her own behalf, in such a way that SixSq cannot be considered as an agent with respect to them. These ToS do not constitute an association, a joint venture, a franchise, a partnership, a subordinate relationship or a mandate given by Platform users to SixSq.   

**4\.	Acceptance**

Users of the Platform agree to comply with and be bound by the provisions of these ToS. Users of the Platform acknowledge that they have read these ToS and expressly accept them, without reservation and/or modification of any kind whatsoever. 

This acceptance is materialised by a checkbox on the registration form when creating an Account, or the confirmation of acceptance of an invitation to create an Account, on the Platform.

The use of the Site in violation of these ToS is subject to civil and criminal penalties.

**5\.	Modification of the General Terms of Use**

SixSq reserves the right to modify, at any time and without prior notice, all or part of these ToS. Any modification of these ToS will be published on the Website.

Modifications to these ToS are binding on users of the Platform from the time they are posted on the Website. Consequently, it is the responsibility of Platform users to regularly refer to the latest version of the ToS available on the Website [https://nuvla.io/terms/tos](https://nuvla.io/terms/tos).

**6\.	Registration to the Platform**

**6\.1\.	Conditions of registration to the Platform**

Where registration on the Platform is made on behalf of and under the name of a legal entity, the person carrying out the registration procedure declares and guarantees that he or she has the capacity, power and authority to act and conclude in the name and on behalf of the said legal entity.

In any event, registration on the Platform may only be made by a natural person aged 18 or over. Any registration on the Platform by a minor is strictly forbidden. By accessing, using or registering on the Platform, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older.

**6\.2\.	Opening the Account**

The Platform allows Users, and only Users, among others, to deploy, manage and update cloud and edge applications, as well as to deploy edge equipment. The Platform also allows edge and cloud applications to be sold and purchased on a subscription basis. Finally, the Platform offers a range of tools to secure the use of the Platform.

To create an Account, you must fill out the activation form available on the Platform, and choose your identifiers by entering a valid user email. Any incomplete or erroneous registration request will not be validated.

To register on the Platform, you must have read and accepted these ToS.

When creating his Account, regardless of the method chosen to do so, the User guarantees to provide accurate, up-to-date and complete information during the registration process and undertakes to update said information in order to preserve its accuracy, relevance and completeness at all times.

The User undertakes, where applicable, to keep the password chosen when creating his Account secret and not to communicate it to anyone. In the event of loss or disclosure of the password, the User undertakes to inform SixSq immediately. The User is solely responsible for the use made of his Account by a third party, as long as he has not expressly notified SixSq of the loss, fraudulent use by a third party or disclosure of his password to a third party.

The User undertakes not to create or use, under his own identity or that of a third party, any Accounts other than the one he initially created.

**6\.3\.	Account suspension and termination**

SixSq reserves the right to

- verify the information provided by any means,
- suspend or terminate an Account and access to the Platform if the User does not comply with these ToS, or if any 

information provided during the registration process, or thereafter, proves to be inaccurate, fraudulent, obsolete or incomplete, or otherwise violates these ToS or the rights of third parties.
You may terminate your Account at any time without charge and without cause. To do so, simply notify SixSq's support department by email at support@sixsq.com.

**7\.	Use of the Platform**

Platform Users must have a valid and active account. The Platform allows Vendors to offer edge and cloud applications. Purchasers, also Users, can purchase edge and cloud Applications by deploying its Applications on their edge and/or cloud infrastructures. A Purchaser can create a Group, which allows to share different resources with other Users. The Purchaser is then responsible for the purchases made by the User members of the Group, when acting as a member of the Group. 

**8\.	Financial Conditions**

**8\.1\. Consumption and Billing Follow-up**

The Platform regularly measures the consumption of each Purchaser and calculates the corresponding price. The calculation is normally carried out daily and the invoices are issued monthly. The invoice is then sent to the Purchaser. Once the payment is received, the Payment Department distributes the corresponding remuneration to the Vendor, less a commission for the Platform. This commission is normally 20%, which includes the commission for the Payment Service.

**8\.2. Invoices and Payments**

Purchasers receive their invoices by email and can consult them on the Platform. Invoices must be paid on time, normally within 14 days.

**8\.3\. Unpaid Invoices**

In the event that an invoice is unpaid, the Platform may block the User's Account or limit the available functionality of the Platform.

**8\.4\. Financial conditions for Vendors**

The Vendor must provide the necessary information to be able to receive payments from the Platform's Payment Service. The Vendor shall define the subscription amount for each application that he/she offers on the Platform.

**8\.5\. Financial conditions for the Platform**

The Platform can offer paid services, such as edge equipment management or cloud application deployment. Prices for these services are available on the Website and the Platform.

**9\.	Payment Service**

The Platform, operated by SixSq, uses and integrates Stripe online payment services, including the Stripe Connect service. The Stripe ToS apply to Users of the Platform ([https://stripe.com/en-ch/ssa](https://stripe.com/en-ch/ssa)). Vendors must create a Stripe account, which is integrated when creating a Vendor profile. Users and Purchasers must register on the Platform a payment method supported by Stripe (e.g. credit card, bank account with SEPA). 

**10\.	Coupons**

SixSq may, from time to time, offer Coupons to Vendors. These Coupons allow Vendors to offer Purchasers free discounts on their invoices for marketing and promotional purposes. These Coupons are generally single-use, time-limited and only associated with a single application. It is Vendor's responsibility to notify SixSq of any lost Coupons as soon as possible. These Coupons reduce a Purchaser's invoice either by a nominal value (the invoice cannot be negative following the application of a Coupon) or by a percentage. The Coupon must be applied by the User when deploying an Application corresponding to the Coupon using the Platform.

**12\.	Cancellation Policy**

The User may terminate his account at any time by sending an email to support@sixsq.com. In this case, the Platform will issue a closing consumption invoice that the User must pay within the time limit. Any resources associated with the User's Account will be destroyed.

**13\.	Personal Data**

As part of your use of the Platform, [Company operating the Platform] may collect and process some of your personal data in order to enable [Company operating the Platform] to ensure the use of the Platform by Users. The [Company that operates the platform] may transfer them to third parties or partners, in particular for canvassing purposes, which the User declares to accept.

By using the Platform and registering as a User, you acknowledge and agree to the processing of your personal data by [Company operating the Platform] in accordance with applicable law.

Any user of the Platform has, in accordance with the national and European regulations in force, a permanent right of access, modification, rectification, opposition to portability and limitation of processing with regard to the information concerning him/her. The Platform user may exercise this right by sending an e-mail to [Indicate e-mail] or a letter addressed to the company [contact details of the company operating the Platform], stating his or her full details (first and last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and specifying the subject of the e-mail or letter).

**14\.	Intellectual Property**

Subject to the content provided by its Users, the content of the [https://nuvla.io](https://nuvla.io) website is the property of SixSq and is protected by French and international intellectual property laws.
Any total or partial reproduction of this content is strictly prohibited and may constitute an infringement of copyright.

**15\.	Partial nullity**

If one or more stipulations herein are held to be invalid or declared as such pursuant to a law, regulation or final decision of a competent jurisdiction, the other stipulations shall retain their full force and scope.

**16\.	Applicable Law**

The present ToS and the operations resulting therefrom are governed by Swiss law and the Geneva Court.
They are written in French. In the event that they are translated into one or more languages, only the French text shall be authentic in the event of claims.

**17\.	Identification - Contact**

Our contact information is as follows:

- SixSq
- Registered office address: 267 Route de Meyrin, 1217 Meyrin, Geneva, Switzerland
- VAT number: CHE-113.788.438 VAT
- E-mail: support@sixsq.com
{: style="list-style: none;"}

**18\.	Claims**

Any claims relating to the interpretation and/or execution of these ToS shall be subject to Swiss jurisdiction in Geneva.

Claims should be addressed to [claims@sixsq.com](mailto:claims@sixsq.com).
